Cumulus 1556 add terraform release scripts (#1260)
nasa/cumulus: docs/development/release.md

### 9. Create a new Cumulus release on github

> The CI release scripts will automatically create a release based on the release version tag, as well as uploading release artifacts to the Github release for the Terraform modules provided by Cumulus. The Terraform release artifacts include:

Reviewer: Yeah, if it's not accurate to say CI then that should be removed

### 9. Create a new Cumulus release on github

> The release scripts will automatically create a release based on the release version tag, as well as upload a multi-module Terraform `.zip` artifact containing filtered copies of the `tf-modules`, `packages` and `tasks` directories for use as as Terraform module sources.     Just make sure to verify the appropriate .zip files are present on Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CI release scripts will automatically create a release based on the release version tag, as well as uploading release artifacts to the Github release for the Terraform modules provided by Cumulus. The Terraform release artifacts include:

- A multi-module Terraform `.zip` artifact containing filtered copies of the `tf-modules`, `packages`, and `tasks` directories for use as Terraform module sources. 
- A S3 replicator module
- A workflow module
- A distribution API module
- An ECS service module

Just make sure to verify the appropriate .zip files are present on Github after the release process is complete.
```

Oh yes, the king of nitpicks is in

Author: Hmm, this doesn't *have* to run in CI though.

### 9. Create a new Cumulus release on github

> The release scripts will automatically create a release based on the release version tag, as well as upload a multi-module Terraform .zip artifact containing filtered copies  `tf-modules`, `packages` and `tasks` directories for use as as Terraform module sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release scripts will automatically create a release based on the release version tag, as well as upload a multi-module Terraform `.zip` artifact containing filtered copies of the `tf-modules`, `packages` and `tasks` directories for use as as Terraform module sources.
```

> Additionally, the following resources should be manually created and added to the distribution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional resources should be manually created and added to the release following the steps below.
```
